Use the csv files provided for data and solve the following queries: 
1. List the names of all pet owners along with the names of their pets. 
2. List all pets and their owner names, including pets that don't have recorded owners. 
3. Combine the information of pets and their owners, including those pets without owners and owners without pets. 
4. Find the names of pets along with their owners' names and the details of the procedures they have undergone. 
5. List all pet owners and the number of dogs they own. 
6. Identify pets that have not had any procedures. 
7. Find the name of the oldest pet. 
8. List all pets who had procedures that cost more than the average cost of all procedures. 
9. Find the details of procedures performed on 'Cuddles'. 
10.Create a list of pet owners along with the total cost they have spent on procedures and display only those who have spent above the average  spending. 
11.List the pets who have undergone a procedure called 'VACCINATIONS'. 
12.Find the owners of pets who have had a procedure called 'EMERGENCY'. 
13.Calculate the total cost spent by each pet owner on procedures. 
14.Count the number of pets of each kind. 
15.Group pets by their kind and gender and count the number of pets in each group. 
16.Show the average age of pets for each kind, but only for kinds that have more than 5 pets. 
17.Find the types of procedures that have an average cost greater than $50. 
18.Classify pets as 'Young', 'Adult', or 'Senior' based on their age. Age less then 3 Young, Age between 3and 8 Adult, else Senior. 
19.Calculate the total spending of each pet owner on procedures, labeling them as 'Low Spender' for spending under $100, 'Moderate Spender' for spending between $100 and $500, and 'High Spender' for spending over $500. 
20.Show the gender of pets with a custom label ('Boy' for male, 'Girl' for female). 
21.For each pet, display the pet's name, the number of procedures they've had, and a status label: 'Regular' for pets with 1 to 3 procedures, 'Frequent' for 4 to 7 procedures, and 'Super User' for more than 7 procedures. 
22.Rank pets by age within each kind. 
23.Assign a dense rank to pets based on their age, regardless of kind. 
24.For each pet, show the name of the next and previous pet in alphabetical order. 
25.Show the average age of pets, partitioned by their kind. 
26.Create a CTE that lists all pets, then select pets older than 5 years from the CTE. 
